( guitar strumming )
♪ 'CAUSE EVERY TIME
I SEE YOUR FACE ♪
♪ I CAN'T HELP
BUT FALL FROM GRACE... ♪
WOW. THIS GIRL'S GOOD.
OH, YEAH, A SONG
WITH RHYMING WORDS--
I NEVER THOUGHT
OF THAT BEFORE.
♪ SAY YOU'LL STAY
BESIDE ME... ♪
I LIKE HER.
WHY, 'CAUSE SHE CAN SING
AND PLAY GUITAR
AND DO BOTH
AT THE SAME TIME?
WELL, THAT'S PRETTY MUCH
ALL I'M LOOKING FOR
FROM THESE PEOPLE.
LOOK AT YOU,
ALL JEALOUS.
YEAH, PHEEBS, COME ON
YOU TWO HAVE
COMPLETELY DIFFERENT STYLES.
YOU KNOW, SHE'S MORE...
YOU KNOW, AND...
YOU'RE MORE...
♪ SAY YOU'LL STAY BESIDE ME ♪
YEAH.
SEE? SEE? EVERYBODY ELSE
IS HAPPY SHE'S DONE.
OKAY, MY NEXT
SONG IS CALLED
"PHOEBE BUFFAY, WHAT CAN I SAY?
"I REALLY LOVED
"WHEN WE WERE SINGING PARTNERS
AND I SHOULDN'T HAVE
LEFT YOU THAT WAY."
OH, NO. ONE OF THOSE "LOOK
FOR THE HIDDEN MEANING" SONGS.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME, TOO. ♪
HEY, PHOEBE.
HEY, LESLIE.
HOW'D YOU KNOW I'D BE HERE?
I RAN INTO VLAD AT THE PLACE
WHERE THEY SELL THE BIG FISH.
HE SAID YOU PLAYED HERE
A LOT, SO, UM...
LISTEN, I HAVE TO GO
TO THE BATHROOM
BUT IF "THE PLACE
WITH THE BIG FISH"
COMES UP AGAIN,
I'D LIKE TO KNOW
WHETHER THAT'S
SEVERAL BIG FISH
OR JUST ONE BIG FISH.
SO, PHOEBE TELLS US
YOU WRITE JINGLES.
ACTUALLY, I SAID
SHE ABANDONED ME
TO WRITE JINGLES.
Joey:
UH, ANYTHING
WE MIGHT
HAVE HEARD OF?
UH, YEAH, UM...
♪ HOME IS NEVER FAR AWAY ♪
All except Phoebe:
♪ HOME IS HOMESTAR STEW ♪
YEAH, BUT I DON'T
DO THAT ANYMORE.
I GOT KIND OF SICK OF IT
AND THEN I COULDN'T COME UP
WITH ANYTHING GOOD
SO THEY FIRED ME.
BUMMER.
WELL, UH, YOU KNOW,
I WAS JUST...
UM, I WAS JUST THINKING
AND JUST HOPING THAT...
MAYBE YOU'D WANT
TO GET BACK TOGETHER.
NO, BUT THANKS.
COME ON, PHOEBE,
WOULD YOU JUST THINK ABOUT IT?
OKAY.
NO, BUT THANKS.
UH...
SEE YOU, PHEEBS.
WOW. THAT WAS
KIND OF BRUTAL.
WELL, OKAY, LET THIS BE
A LESSON TO ALL OF YOU.
ALL RIGHT? ONCE YOU...
ONCE YOU BETRAY ME
I BECOME LIKE THE ICEWOMAN.
YOU KNOW, I'M JUST...
VERY COLD, HARD... UNYIELDING.
YOU KNOW, NOTHING...
NOTHING CAN PENETRATE
THIS ICY EXTERIOR.
CAN I HAVE A TISSUE, PLEASE?
OH, YES.
Phoebe:
THANK YOU.
SOMEONE IN THERE?
NO, THIS IS JUST PART OF A
DAREDEVIL GAME THAT I PLAY
CALL "WAIT UNTIL
THE LAST MOMENT
BEFORE I BURST AND DIE."
GEEZ, MAN, DID YOU FALL...?
HI.
SO, UH, DID YOU?
DID YOU FALL HI?
SOMEONE WAS IN THE LADIES' ROOM;
I COULDN'T WAIT.
I LEFT THE LID UP
FOR YOU, THOUGH.
( laughs )
YOU KNOW WHAT, GUNTHER?
GO, UH, GO AHEAD.
I'M TALKING TO, UH...
THIS IS THE PART WHERE
YOU SAY YOUR NAME.
GINGER.
I'M TALKING
TO GINGER. SO...
DON'T YOU HAVE
TO USE THE BATHROOM?
NO. NO.
I JUST, UH...
I'D RATHER, UH, TALK TO YOU.
YES, I DO.
YES, I DO HAVE TO GO
TO THE BATHROOM.
SOMEONE IN HERE.
WHERE'S CHANDLER?
HE CAN'T MAKE IT.
HE HAD TO GO BACK
TO HIS JOB
AND DO, UH...
WHOA-OH.
JOEY?
JOEY TRIBBIANI.
JOEY, I CAN
SEE YOU, OKAY?
YOU'RE HIDING
BEHIND THE COATS.
OH...
CLOSE ONE.
HI.
HI, SWEETIE.
HELLO.
HEY, ROSS.
YUH-HUH.
I'VE GOT
SOME BAD NEWS.
WHAT?
I CAN GET A QUICK
BITE TO EAT
BUT THEN I'M GOING TO HAVE
TO COME BACK UP HERE.
COME ON, SWEETIE.
YOU'VE HAD TO WORK LATE
EVERY NIGHT
FOR THE PAST TWO WEEKS.
WHAT IS IT THIS TIME?
ACTUALLY,
IT'S MY FAULT.
I QUIT TODAY.
BUT WORK COMES FIRST.
OH, HEY, BUT THAT'S SAD
ABOUT YOU, THOUGH.
WHAT HAPPENED?
WHAT HAPPENED? BURN OUT?
BURN ALL OUT, DID YOU?
NO, HE'S LEAVING
FOR A BETTER JOB.
OH, WELL,
THAT'S GREAT.
SO I GUESS THIS
IS GOOD-BYE THEN.
GOOD-BYE.
OKAY THEN.
OKAY.
WELL, WE'RE GOING
TO MISS YOU AROUND HERE.
YEAH, ME, TOO.
SO, I'LL SEE YOU
ON SATURDAY.
YEAH, YOU BET.
( beeping )
( gasps )
UCCH.
NOW, YOU KNOW THOSE ARE
A DELICACY IN INDIA.
YEAH, THAT WAS LESLIE
CALLING AGAIN
TO SEE IF WE CAN
GET BACK TOGETHER.
IT'S LIKE THE 20th TIME TODAY.
GOOD LUCK, LESLIE.
WOW. SHE MUST HAVE HURT
YOU PRETTY BAD, HUH?
WELL, YEAH.
WE WERE BEST FRIENDS.
EVER SINCE WE WERE LITTLE
OUR MOMS WORKED
ON THE BARGE TOGETHER.
OH.
YOU TWO MUST'VE
BEEN SO CUTE
RUNNING AROUND
ON A BARGE.
YOU NEVER RUN ON A BARGE.
HEY.
IS, UH,
IS CHANDLER AROUND?
NO. HE MET SOME GIRL
AT THE COFFEEHOUSE.
OOH.
YEAH. GINGER SOMETHING.
NO.
NO, NO.
ARE YOU SURE IT WASN'T SOMETHING
THAT SOUNDED LIKE GINGER?
LIKE, UH, GINGEER?
NO, IT WAS GINGER.
I REMEMBER BECAUSE
WHEN HE TOLD ME,
I SAID...
♪ THE MOVIE STAR... ♪
AW, MAN.
THAT'S THE GIRL
I WAS HIDING FROM.
WHEN SHE FINDS OUT
HE'S MY ROOMMATE
SHE'S GOING TO TELL HIM
WHAT I DID.
WHAT DID YOU DO?
OH, OH, NO, NO, I CAN'T...
I CAN'T TELL YOU THAT.
IT'S LIKE
THE MOST AWFUL, HORRIBLE THING
I'VE EVER DONE IN MY WHOLE LIFE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
DON'T TELL US.
WE'LL JUST WAIT
TILL CHANDLER GETS HOME
BECAUSE IT'LL BE
MORE FUN THAT WAY.
ALL RIGHT.
OKAY, IT WAS LIKE
FOUR YEARS AGO.
GINGER AND I HAD
GONE OUT A FEW TIMES.
AND THEN THIS
ONE WEEKEND
WE WENT UP TO
HER DAD'S CABIN--
JUST ME, HER, AND HER
ANNOYING LITTLE DOG, PEPPER.
WELL, THAT NIGHT I
COOKED THIS REALLY
ROMANTIC DINNER...
YOU GAVE HER FOOD POISONING!
I WISH.
AFTER DINNER, ME,
HER, AND PEPPER
ALL FELL ASLEEP
IN FRONT OF THE FIRE.
WELL, I WOKE UP
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT
AND I SAW
THAT THE FIRE WAS DYING OUT
SO I PICKED UP A LOG
AND THREW IT ON.
OR AT LEAST WHAT
I THOUGHT WAS A LOG.
OH, MY GOD, YOU THREW
PEPPER ON THE FIRE.
I WISH.
SEE, I GUESS ANOTHER THING
I PROBABLY SHOULD'VE TOLD YOU
ABOUT GINGER
IS THAT SHE KIND OF HAS A, UH...
ARTIFICIAL LEG.
OH, MY GOD.
JOEY, WHAT DID YOU DO
AFTER YOU THREW
HER LEG ON THE FIRE?
I RAN!
WELL, THAT'S THE
BEST KISS I'VE HAD
WITH ANYBODY I MET
IN THE MEN'S ROOM.
ACTUALLY, ME, TOO.
OH. FOOT IN THE PUDDLE.
FOOT ALL IN THE PUDDLE.
OH, DAMN. I HATE THAT.
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE
TO GET YOU OUT OF THOSE SHOES.
OH, DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
NO, REALLY, YOU'RE
GOING TO FREEZE.
NO, I'M NOT. I'M...
YOU'RE NOT?
WHAT DO YOU...?
WHAT DO YOU GOT,
A BIONIC FOOT?
SOMEDAY MAYBE.
( chuckles )
FUNNY BOOK?
HMM?
OH, NO, NO.
I'M JUST THINKING ABOUT
SOMETHING FUNNY I HEARD TODAY--
UM, MARK... MARK SAYING,
"I'LL SEE YOU SATURDAY."
YEAH, AT THE LECTURE.
I TOLD YOU THAT LAST WEEK.
YOU SAID YOU DIDN'T MIND.
OH, NO, NO,
IT'S NOT THE LECTURE I MIND.
UM...
PLEASE TELL ME IT'S NOT
'CAUSE I'M GOING WITH MARK.
WELL...
OH, MY GOD! ROSS!
WELL, I'M SORRY, BUT...
LOOK, IF YOU'RE NOT WORKING
WITH HIM ANYMORE
WHY DO YOU STILL HAVE
TO DO STUFF WITH HIM?
BECAUSE HE'S MY FRIEND.
OKAY, BUT DO YOU
REALLY NEED ANOTHER FRIEND?
OKAY, WELL
IF I STOP PLAYING
WITH JOEY AND CHANDLER
CAN I PLAY WITH MARK?
IS THAT FUNNY?
AM I SUPPOSED TO BE LAUGHING?
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU THOUGHT "SEE YOU
SATURDAY" WAS FUNNY.
HONEY, MARK IS IN FASHION.
I LIKE HAVING A FRIEND
THAT I CAN
SHARE THIS STUFF WITH.
YOU GUYS WOULD NEVER WANT
TO GO TO A LECTURE WITH ME.
PAAH!
I WOULD LOVE TO GO WITH YOU.
REALLY?
YEAH. HEY, I HAVE CLOTHES.
I EVEN PICK THEM OUT.
I MEAN, FOR ALL YOU KNOW,
I COULD BE A FASHION...
MONGER.
OKAY, HONEY, I WOULD LOVE
FOR YOU TO GO WITH ME.
WHAT?
WHAT SHOULD I WEAR?
NOW I'M ALL NERVOUS.
OH.
YOU KNOW, THEY SAY A
WATCHED POT NEVER BEEPS.
YOU KNOW, IT'S BEEN
A COUPLE OF HOURS, AND...
SHE HASN'T CALLED.
NOT THAT I EVEN CARE.
I DON'T.
PHOEBE, WHY DON'T
YOU JUST CALL HER?
YOU OBVIOUSLY WANT TO.
YOU THINK
YOU KNOW ME SO WELL.
DON'T YOU WANT TO?
YEAH.
OKAY, SO I DO KNOW YOU.
THAT'S WHAT I SAID.
WELL, SO?
I CAN'T.
SHE DUMPED ME.
I TOTALLY TRUSTED HER
AND THEN ONE DAY, IT WAS LIKE,
"BYE, PHEEBS." GONE.
YOU KNOW WHAT
THE SADDEST PART IS?
WHEN WE WERE
PLAYING TOGETHER
THAT WAS LIKE THE MOST FUN
I'VE EVER HAD
IN, LIKE, ALL MY LIVES.
♪ MY FAVORITE SHOES,
SO GOOD TO ME ♪
♪ I WEAR THEM EVERY DAY ♪
♪ DOWN AT THE HEEL,
HOLES IN THE TOES ♪
♪ DON'T CARE WHAT PEOPLE SAY ♪
♪ MY FEET'S BEST FRIEND,
PALS TO THE END ♪
♪ WITH THEM
I'M ONE HOT CHICKY ♪
♪ THOUGH LATE ONE NIGHT ♪
♪ NOT MUCH LIGHT ♪
♪ I STEPPED IN SOMETHING ICKY ♪
♪ STICKY SHOES ♪
♪ ALWAYS MAKES ME SMILE ♪
♪ NEXT TIME I'LL ♪
♪ AVOID THE ♪
♪ PILE ♪
( cheering )
Man:
WE'RE BEGINNING TO SEE
A LOT OF LAYERING
OF SHEER FABRICS AND COLORS.
FOR INSTANCE,
A SHEER NAVY BLOUSE
OVER A PINK BODYSUIT...
I'M REALLY GLAD
WE CAME.
...THE WISPY CHIFFONS
AND DELICATE MESHES
WE'RE SEEING ON THE RUNWAYS
ARE TOTALLY SHEER...
YOU'RE SO PRETTY.
...AND THE DESIGNERS
ARE USING HEAVIER JERSEYS
OR PROVIDING SLIPS...
I LOVE YOU.
OH.
WE'RE ALSO TAKING
THESE GARMENTS...
( singing off-key )
♪ SMELLY CAT, SMELLY CAT ♪
♪ WHAT ARE THEY FEEDING YOU? ♪
♪ IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT. ♪
WOW, THAT'S GREAT!
OH, YEAH?
YOU KNOW, YOU COULD
TOTALLY SELL THIS!
IT WOULD BE PERFECT
FOR, LIKE, UM....
A KITTY LITTER CAMPAIGN.
A JINGLE? NO.
NO, NO, NO. NO.
WHY NOT? YOU MAKE
A TON OF MONEY.
WELL, IF I WAS IN THIS FOR MONEY
I WOULD BE A MILLIONAIRE
BY NOW.
OH.
YOU JUST GOT TO GET OUT
OF THAT JINGLE HEAD, SWEETIE.
AH. YOU'RE RIGHT.
YOU'RE RIGHT! I'M SORRY.
THAT'S OKAY.
ALL RIGHT. I'M GOING
TO PLAY A SONG NOW
THAT'S REALLY,
REALLY SAD, OKAY?
IT'S CALLED
"MAGICIAN BOX MIX-UP."
Man:
...OVERSIZED BRACELETS,
OVERSIZED EARRINGS
OVERSIZING
OF ACCESSORIES IN GENERAL
IS VERY POPULAR NOW.
( loud, choking snore )
( chuckles )
( goofy
chuckle )
...GARMENTS
WITH A FAR EASTERN INFLUENCE
ARE REALLY BREAKING OUT
THIS YEAR.
HI.
CAN I BORROW THIS?
MY MILK'S GONE BAD.
OH. I HATE THAT.
I ONCE HAD A THING
OF HALF AND HALF--
STOLE MY CAR.
SO, UM... HOW WAS
YOUR DATE WITH GINGER?
GREAT. IT WAS GREAT.
SHE'S, UH...
SHE'S GREAT-- GREAT-LOOKING,
GREAT PERSONALITY.
SHE'S GREATNESS.
MM.
SOUNDS LIKE SHE'S GOT
THE, UH...
WHOLE PACKAGE.
JOEY TOLD YOU
ABOUT THE LEG, HUH?
UH-HUH.
OH, GOD.
IT FREAKED ME OUT, OKAY?
I KNOW IT SHOULDN'T HAVE,
BUT IT DID.
I MEAN, I LIKE HER.
I DON'T WANT TO STOP SEEING HER
BUT EVERY SO OFTEN,
IT'S LIKE
"HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
WHERE'S YOUR LEG?"
I MEAN, I'M THE SMALLEST PERSON
IN THE WORLD, AREN'T I?
I'M THE SMALLEST PERSON
IN THE WORLD.
Joey:
'MORNING.
ACTUALLY, HE'S
THE SMALLEST PERSON
IN THE WORLD.
HEARD ABOUT
THE LEG BURNING, HUH?
IT CAME UP.
LISTEN, I, UH... I KNOW
IT'S A LONG SHOT BUT...
BY ANY CHANCE,
DID SHE FIND THAT FUNNY?
SO I NODDED OFF A LITTLE.
NODDED OFF?!
ROSS, YOU WERE SNORING!
MY FATHER'S BOAT
DIDN'T MAKE THAT MUCH NOISE
WHEN IT HIT ROCKS!
BUT, COME ON
45 MINUTES!
45 MINUTES THE MAN TALKED
ABOUT STRAPPY-BACKED DRESSES.
WELL, OKAY,
HOW ABOUT FOUR HOURS
IN A FREEZING MUSEUM
AUDITORIUM
LISTENING TO PROFESSOR
PIT STAINS
AND HIS, "HEY, EVERYBODY!
"REMEMBER THAT THING THAT'S
BEEN DEAD FOR A GAZILLION YEARS?
WELL, HERE'S A LITTLE BONE
WE DIDN'T KNOW IT HAD!"
FIRST OF ALL, IT'S
PROFESSOR PITAIN.
AND SECOND OF ALL,
THAT LITTLE BONE PROVED
THAT THAT PARTICULAR DINOSAUR
HAD WINGS BUT DIDN'T FLY.
OKAY, SEE, NOW,
WHAT I JUST HEARD:
BLAH-BLAH-BLAH,
BLAH-BLAH-BLAH-BLAH
BLAH-BLAH, BLAH-BLAH.
HUH. YOU KNOW WHAT?
A HUNDRED MILLION PEOPLE
WENT TO SEE A MOVIE
ABOUT WHAT I DO.
I WONDER HOW MANY PEOPLE
WOULD GO SEE A MOVIE
CALLED JURASSIC PARKA.
OH...
THAT IS SO...!
NO, NO, NO-- A BUNCH
OF OUT-OF-CONTROL JACKETS
TAKE OVER AN ISLAND!
( falsetto gasp )
YOU KNOW, IF WHAT I DO
IS SO LAME
THEN WHY DID YOU INSIST ON
COMING WITH ME THIS MORNING?
HUH? WAS IT SO I JUST
WOULDN'T GO WITH MARK?
NO.
I... I WANTED TO BE WITH YOU.
I DON'T KNOW.
I FEEL LIKE LATELY...
I FEEL LIKE YOU'RE
SLIPPING AWAY FROM ME
YOU KNOW, WITH THIS NEW JOB
AND ALL THESE NEW PEOPLE
AND YOU'VE GOT THIS WHOLE
OTHER LIFE GOING ON.
I KNOW IT'S DUMB
BUT I... I JUST HATE
THAT I'M NOT A PART OF IT.
IT'S NOT DUMB.
BUT MAYBE IT'S OKAY
THAT YOU'RE NOT A PART OF IT.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
I MEAN, IT'S LIKE
I LIKE THAT
YOU'RE NOT INVOLVED
IN THAT PART OF MY LIFE.
THAT'S A LITTLE CLEARER.
NO, BUT HONEY, SEE
IT DOESN'T MEAN
THAT I DON'T LOVE YOU
BECAUSE I DO.
I LOVE YOU.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
BUT MY WORK,
IT'S FOR ME, YOU KNOW?
I'M OUT THERE ON MY OWN
AND I'M DOING IT
AND IT'S SCARY
BUT I LOVE IT
BECAUSE IT'S MINE.
BUT, I MEAN, IS THAT OKAY?
SURE, UH...
( no audio )
YOU'RE THINKING
ABOUT MY LEG, AREN'T YOU?
NO.
NO, ACTUALLY, I FORGET.
WHAT IS THE DEAL
WITH THAT AGAIN?
LOOK, IT'S OKAY
IF IT BOTHERS YOU.
REALLY. I MEAN, THE ONLY
THING I NEED TO KNOW
IS HOW MUCH IT BOTHERS YOU
BECAUSE I DON'T LIKE
WASTING MY TIME.
AM I WASTING MY TIME?
NO.
NO, I DON'T THINK SO.
OKAY.
I MEAN, IT'S JUST LIKE
ANYTHING ELSE:
YOU JUST HAVE
TO GET USED TO IT.
MM.
WHAT'S THAT?
THAT'S... THAT'S MY NUBBIN.
WHAT'S A NUBBIN?
( clears throat )
IT'S KIND OF A UH...
A THIRD NIPPLE
KIND OF THING.
DO YOU HAVE THREE NIPPLES?
WELL, YOU KNOW, TWO REGULARS
AND ONE THAT
BARELY QUALIFIES AS A...
( nervous chuckle )
UH, WHAT?
NOTHING.
I... I JUST REMEMBERED
I HAVE TO LEAVE.
YOU, UH...
YOU HAVE TO LEAVE NOW?
HOW COME?
UH, WELL,
IT'S NUBBIN... NOTHING!
UM...
NO, I'M...
I'LL SEE YOU LATER, OKAY?
EEW!
OH, I THOUGHT YOU
WEREN'T COMING.
WHERE WERE YOU?
COME HERE, COME HERE.
OKAY.
DON'T GET MAD, OKAY?
DON'T GIVE ME A REASON
TO GET MAD, OKAY?
I PLAYED "SMELLY CAT"
FOR THE PEOPLE
AT MY OLD AD AGENCY.
THEY WENT NUTS.
NO... LOOK, I TOLD YOU
THAT I DIDN'T WANT YOU
TO TRY AND SELL IT
AND YOU JUST...
YOU BIG, FAT DID IT ANYWAY.
UH...
GOD, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I THINK FIVE YEARS AGO
I WOULD HAVE DONE
ANYTHING TO PLAY WITH YOU
BUT I CAN DO IT BY MYSELF
AND IF I CAN'T TRUST YOU,
THEN JUST FORGET IT.
NO, NO. I DON'T WANT
TO FORGET IT.
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU HAVE TO CHOOSE.
IF THE MOST IMPORTANT THING
ON THE PLANET TO YOU
IS THIS CAT POOPY THING
THEN, OKAY, YOU
CAN HAVE "SMELLY CAT"
BUT WE WON'T BE PARTNERS.
OH.
SO WHAT'S IT GOING TO BE?
( on-key vocalist ):
♪ Smelly cat ♪
♪ smelly cat ♪
♪ What are they feeding you? ♪
♪ Smelly cat, smelly cat ♪
♪ It's... ♪
I'M SORRY, PHEEBS.
YEAH. YOU OKAY?
YEAH.
I ACTUALLY AM, YEAH.
'CAUSE, YOU KNOW,
LIFE'S GOING TO HAND YOU
ALL KINDS OF STUFF, AND YOU
LEARN YOUR LITTLE LESSONS
AND HOPEFULLY, YOU GROW.
YEAH.
YOU WANT TO HEAR
A NEW SONG?
YEAH.
I'D LOVE TO.
OKAY.
♪ JINGLE BITCH SCREWED ME OVER ♪
♪ GO TO HELL, JINGLE WHORE ♪
♪ GO TO HELL, GO TO HELL ♪
♪ GO TO HE-EH-ELL ♪
THAT'S ALL I HAVE
SO FAR.
WOO WOO WOO WOO!
WHERE HAVE
YOU BEEN?
THE DOCTOR.
IS EVERYTHING
OKAY?
OH, YES.
JUST HAD ME
A LITTLE NUBBINECTOMY.
YUP.
TWO NIPPLES, NO WAITING.
WOW. JUST LIKE RACHEL
IN HIGH SCHOOL.
WHAT?!
COME ON! I WAS KIDDING.
IT WAS SUCH AN OBVIOUS JOKE.
THAT WAS
AN OBVIOUS JOKE
AND I DIDN'T
THINK OF IT.
WHY DIDN'T I THINK OF IT?
THE SOURCE OF ALL MY POWERS.
OH, DEAR GOD, WHAT HAVE I DONE?